Youtube link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ir59boAtXzg

Hi, welcome to my self-presentation video. My full name is Bekmirzayev Elmurod. I have been working as a maths tutor for 5 years. Also , I am a junior frontend delevoper. I was very good at maths and physics in my school days. My best achievement was the second place in maths olympic in Namangan. After school, I entered the lyceum. In my lyceum, my compyuter science teacher got interested in programming. After that , I was interested in becoming a programmer and I entered in maths and computer science at Namangan State Univerity. I had learnt a lot of things in 4 years from maths , programming and English. I also learnt C++. I made small project with C++. After I graduated at University, I got a job as a maths master at largest education center in own city. If I had free time , I learnt frontend developer. I made a lot of websites withs html, css , less boostrapt, javascript and react. One day, I saw Farhod Dadajonovs video about rschool on youtube. After that , I enrolled in the cource in rschool from javascript. It had started the first stage. It was not difficult for me because I knew html css javascript. I made book shop and online zoo in this stage. I passed in the second stage . I assigned a mentor. I made Async Race and news projects, One of best project is Async Race. I learnt Fetch Api, Animation , DOM monupulation. I learnt typescript in news project,. If I didnt understand the project , my mentor always helped to me. As far as I can see , my mentor is one of best mentor. Thanks Vitaliy very much. I am going to an Architest from javascript and I want to work a big international company such as Epam ,Google and Tesla. In my opinion I can all of them because i have got greate logical and solving problem. I am loving solving problem. If I dont solve one problem, I am looking for a day. It is my self-presentation video. Thanks you very much. See you Goodbye.
